Now we will actually act these load balancers to our system.
First, we will look at how we can act Netflix reboot and then we will go to engine.
So as Netflix, it again is a clean slate load balancer, so we need to write some code for that.
So let's just quickly look at the work.
We have seen this before.
So get the service users.
Netflix, Hulu and Netflix provides easy integration with Netflix, but so there isn't much that we
need to do, except that in the properties file, we need to set this property right when you retire.
Enable to do here at a set of false, but this is just the default property.
When we actually run our system, we will override this property through environment variables where
we will set it to.
So ribbon, not Ribbon Gate Service, Netflix, Zul service.
When it does routing it uses it will use this load balancer and at that time it will do all that routing
using this load balancer.
So there isn't much that we need to do over here except setting this flag now for other services where
we are using when load balancer, we will have to write some amount of code.
It's very minimal, but we'll still have to write some.
So this is being used in order service where we process inventory.
So here we have an inventory like this inventory line needs to reserve inventory at that time.
It needs to access inventory service, so it makes a call to the inventory service.
So before it makes a call to the inventory service, it needs to know the host and board information
about the inventory service.
So what it does is it takes this route when load balance.
So this ribbon load balancer is auto wired over here by the Netflix libraries itself and using spring
framework, of course.
So this instance is available to us test load balancer instance, and we can use this to fetch information
from registry about inventory service by providing its I.E.D..
So once we do this, we get all the information about the instances that we have, and this will in
fact choose one out of those instances.
So there are 10 instances of inventory service.
This load balancer will choose.
One of those instances we can set the different strategies by modifying the properties of this load
balancer.
But I guess by default, it selects a round robin strategy and we will see that during the demonstration,
and that is good good enough for us for now.
So this ribbon level and said what the only thing that it does is that it fetches the registry information
from discovery service and out of the instances that are available for a particular service, it will
choose a particular instance from this instance object.
We can get the host port and any other information that we need.
So once we have that, we can use a regular CTP line to make that as you typical to our inventory service.
So this is how a client side load balancer works.
For Engine X, we will see during the demonstration.
Work configuration we need to do.